Test resonnementet ditt med et utfordrende puslespill der du må løse et minefelt uten å eksploere noen gruve.
Dette er en minimalistisk og moderne versjon av den klassiske Minesweeper.

Er du i stand til å tømme et minefelt? Kom igjen!

MÅL
Det er som Minesweeper. Du vinner spillet når du har flagget hver gruve i minefeltet. Pass på at du ikke utløser en!

IKKE GJETT
This game has an algorithm that always creates solvable minefields. You won't have to guess where the last mine is!

GAME LEVELS
Just like Minesweeper, this game has different levels: Beginner, Intermediate, and Expert. But it also has a unique progressive mode that gets harder when you win.

CUSTOM LEVEL
If the standard modes aren't enough, you can create your level difficulty!

THEMES
Antimine has more than 15 themes (including light, dark, and AMOLED). And soon more will be added!

MINIMALIST
Clean look and feel: a minimalist visual and also lightweight app size (less than 9MB).

TUTORIAL
Don't you know how to play Minesweeper? No problem, you can play our tutorial level and enable Tips on settings.

STATISTICS
Check your results and development.

GAME ASSISTANT
The game will automatically flag the squares you isolated. 

CUSTOMIZATION
You can change the game to make it like you want to. 
Example: Help, animations, haptic feedback, question mark.

CONTROLS
It supports four different control schemes. Example: flag using tap or long press.

ACHIEVEMENTS AND LEADERBOARDS 
You have eight achievements to unlock and different leaderboards to share with your friends.

ACCESSIBILITY
You can customize this game to your needs: change the squares size, radius, touch timing, and screen reader support.
We are always trying to improve our accessibility settings. If you miss something give us feedback!

ANDROID FOCUSED APP
It supports cool Android features like split-screen, shortcuts, sharing, system theme, and always supporting the last version.

ONLINE OR OFFLINE
You don't need to be online to play the game!

AUTO-SAVE
You can start a game and continue it later! It will auto-save your game.

Enjoy.
